
KEY wifimanager
Allows the application to manage the Wi-Fi system settings.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY wifi.wifidirect.read
Allows the application to request Wi-Fi Direct information. 


KEY wifi.wifidirect.admin
Allows the application to manage Wi-Fi Direct on the device. 


KEY wifi.read
Allows the application to request Wi-Fi information. 


KEY wifi.admin
Allows the application to manage Wi-Fi on the device.


KEY websetting
Allows the application to manage the Web application settings, including removing all the cookies saved for this Web application.


KEY web.service
Allows the application to display Web content or use the Web content-related API. 


KEY web.privacy
Allows the application to manage the user data stored by the Web control or browser. 


KEY wappush
Allows the application to manage WAP push messages.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY videorecorder
Allows the application to manage video recording with the camera. 


KEY vibrator
Allows the application to turn on and use vibrate. 


KEY userprofile.write
Allows the application to set the user profile. 


KEY userprofile.read
Allows the application to read the user profile.


KEY useridentity
Allows the application to access privacy information for user identification purposes.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [systemmanager] instead of it.


KEY unlimitedstorage
Allows the application to use the storage without size limitation for DB or files. 


KEY uimanager
Allows the application to manage UI properties.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY tizen
Allows the application to use tizen web device api common module
This privilege is deprecated. 


KEY time
Allows the application to get time and date information.
This privilege is deprecated. 


KEY telephonymanager
Allows the application to configure the mobile networks.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY telephony
Allows the application to retrieve telephony information, such as network, SIM, and call details. 


KEY systemsetting.write
Allows the application to change or write security or privacy settings.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [settingmanager.write] instead of it.


KEY systemsetting.read
Allows the application to read security or privacy settings.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [settingmanager.read] instead of it.


KEY systemmanager
Allows the application to read secure system information.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY systeminfo
Allows the application to retrieve system information, such as network, SIM, and call details.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [telephony]  instead of it.


KEY system
Allows the application to read variety system information. 


KEY socket
Allows the application to communicate with other devices and servers.


KEY smstrigger
Allows the application to receive SMS messages from a specified port.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY shortcut.install
Allows the application to request the Home app to add and remove shortcut. 


KEY settingmanager.write
Allows the application to change or write security or privacy settings.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY settingmanager.read
Allows the application to read security or privacy settings.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY setting
Allows the application to update or read user settings.


KEY secureelement
Allows the application to access tosecure smart card chip such as UICC/SIM, embedded Secure Element, or Secure SD card.


KEY se
Allows the application to access tosecure smart card chip such as UICC/SIM, embedded Secure Element, or Secure SD card.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [secureelement] instead of it.


KEY push
Allows the application to receive push notifications.


KEY privilegemanager.read
Allows the application to read privilege information.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY privacymanager.write
Allows the application to change privacy settings.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY privacymanager.read
Allows the application to read privacy settings.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY power
Allows the application to hold and control power states.


KEY platforminfo
Allows the application to read information such as the platform or API version
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [system] instead of it.


KEY packagesetting
Allows the application to set package configurations
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [packagemanager.setting]  instead of it.


KEY packagemanager.setting
Allows the application to set package configurations.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY packagemanager.install
Allows the application to install or uninstall application packages.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY packagemanager.info
Allows the application to get detailed package information.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY packageinfo
Allows the application to receive package information.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [package.info] instead of it.


KEY package.info
Allows the application to receive package information.


KEY notificationmanager
Allows the application to manage notifications.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [notification] instead of it.


KEY notification.write
Allows the application to update notification.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [notification] instead of it.


KEY notification.read
Allows the application to get notification
This privilege is deprecated. 


KEY notification
Allows the application to provide user notifications, such as messages and badges


KEY nfcmanager
Allows the application to change NFC system settings, such as turning Reserved Push function on or off.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY nfc.tag
Allows the application to read and write NFC tag information.


KEY nfc.p2p
Allows the application to push NFC messages to other devices.


KEY nfc.common
Allows the application to manage common NFC features.


KEY nfc.admin
Allows the application to change NFC status, such as turning NFC on or off.


KEY networkmanager
Allows the application to update system network accounts.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY networkbearerselection
Allows the application to request/release a specific network connection.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY network.statistics.read
Allows the application to read network statistics.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [network.statistics] instead of it.


KEY network.statistics
Allows the application to read network statistics.


KEY network.connection
Allows the application to manage network connections. 


KEY network.account
Allows the application to manage network accounts. 


KEY netstatisticsmanager
Allows the application to reset network statistics.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY messaging.write
Allows the application to send sms, mms and email messages.


KEY messaging.sms
Allows the application to send and receive SMS messages, and retrieve SMS messages from the SMS message boxes.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [messaging.read] or [messaging.write] instead of it.


KEY messaging.send
Allows the applicatoin to send sms, mms and email messages
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [messaging.write] instead of it.


KEY messaging.read
Allows the application to receive messages, and retrieve messages from the message boxes.


KEY messaging.mms
Allows the application to send MMS messages.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [messaging.read] or [messaging.write] instead of it.


KEY messaging.email
Allows the application to send email messages.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [messaging.read] or [messaging.write] instead of it.


KEY mediacapture
Allows the application to manage video recording and audio recording with camera or audio recorder. 


KEY log
Allows the application to use system log system (dlog)
This privilege is deprecated. 


KEY lockmanager
Allows the application to unlock the phone.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY location
Allows the application to use the user location data.


KEY inputmanager
Allows the application to generate touch and key events, and capture screens.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY imemanager
Allows the application to manage the installed input methods.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY ime
Allows the application to provide a way to input characters and symbols into an associated input field.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY http
Allows the application to communicate with the HTTP server.


KEY geolocationpermission.write
Allows the application to delete geolocation permissions.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY geolocationpermission.read
Allows the application to read geolocation permissions.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY fullscreen
Allows the application to manage the screen to full screen. 


KEY filesystem.write
Allows the application to 'read and write' access a filesystem.


KEY filesystem.read
Allows the application to 'read-only' access a filesystem.


KEY download
Allows the application to manage HTTP downloads.


KEY dns
Allows the application to provide the Domain Name Service (DNS).


KEY datasync
Allows the application to synchronize device data to the server using the OMA DS 1.2 protocol.


KEY datacontrol.consumer
Allows the application to access specific data exported by other applications.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY customnetaccount
Allows the application to use the Internet with a specified bearer.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY content.write
Allows the application to create, update and delete content. 


KEY content.read
Allows the application to read content.


KEY contact.write
Allows the application to add, update, and delete contacts.


KEY contact.read
Allows the application to read contacts.


KEY certificate.write
Allows the application to add, update, and delete certificates.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY certificate.read
Allows the application to read certificates.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY cellbroadcast
Allows the application to manage the Cell Broadcast Service (CBS).
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY camera
Allows the application to manage the device cameras to preview and capture pictures. 


KEY callhistory.write
Allows the application to create, update, and delete call history.


KEY callhistory.read
Allows the application to read call logs.


KEY callforward
Allows the application to control the call forwarding service.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY calendar.write
Allows the application to create, update, and delete schedule and task information.


KEY calendar.read
Allows the application to read schedule and task information.


KEY bookmark.write
Allows the application to create, update and delete bookmarks.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY bookmark.read
Allows the application to read bookmarks.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY bluetoothmanager
Allows the application to change Bluetooth settings related to privacy and security, such as the visible mode.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY bluetooth.spp
Allows the application to use the Serial Port Profile (SPP), for example, to send serial data.


KEY bluetooth.opp
Allows the application to use the Object Push Profile (OPP), for example, to send files.


KEY bluetooth.health
Allows the application to use the Health Device Profile (HDP), for example, to send health data.


KEY bluetooth.gap
Allows the application to use the Generic Access Profile (GAP), for example, to scan for and pair devices.


KEY bluetooth.admin
Allows the application to change Bluetooth settings, such as turning Bluetooth on or off, and setting the local device name.


KEY audiorecorder
Allows the application to manage audio recording.


KEY audiomanager.route
Allows the application to set audio input and output routes and receive notifications about route events.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY appwidgetprovider.install
Allows the application to add the specified AppWidget to the Home screen.


KEY appusage
Allows the application to receive notifications about foreground application changes.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY appsetting
Allows the application to manage application settings.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY appmanager.setting
Allows the application to read and update default application preferences.
It is a platform privilege level. For more information, see privileges.


KEY appmanager.launch
Allows the application to open another application conditionally.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY appmanager.kill
Allows the application to close another application.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY appmanager.certificate
Allows the application to get specified application certificates.
It is a partner privilege level. For more information, see partner level privileges in the IDE.


KEY application.read
Allows the application to read application information.
This privilege is deprecated. 


KEY application.launch
Allows the application to be opened conditionally or to open another application


KEY application.kill
Allows the application to close another application.
This privilege is deprecated. Please use [appmanager.kill] instead of it.


KEY application.info
Allows the application to retrieve information related to other applications.


KEY alarm
Allows the application to set an alarm and wake up the device at the scheduled time.


KEY account.write
Allows the application to create, update, and delete accounts.


KEY account.read
Allows the application to read accounts. 


